[Music]
everyone wants to stay fit and look
young as long as possible we all know
that eating right and being physically
active are good habits but did you know
you should train your facial muscles
just like you train your body otherwise
they lose their firmness as you age now
you might think oh gosh
one more thing to Train I've just paid
for our gym membership no worries you
don't need a gym or special equipment
for the following exercises you can
perform them right now in front of your
computer so let's begin the seven most
effective exercises to get rid of a
double chin first just like before any
other workout you need to warm up your
facial muscles move your lower jaw
forward and backward and then side to
side do all movements slowly and
smoothly without sudden jerks repeat
eight to ten times now let's get on to
the first exercise the scoop open your
mouth and roll your bottom lip over your
lower teeth imagine that you need a
scoop water with your lower jaw move
your head down in a scooping motion and
close your mouth while lifting your head
while doing this exercise make sure that
the corners of your lips are completely
relaxed repeat 5 to 7 times isn't it a
piece of cake then move on to the second
exercise nose touching a double chin is
associated with weak hyoid muscles so
you need to strengthen them stick out
your tongue as far as possible and try
to touch your nose with the tip of your
tongue keep your lips relaxed and repeat
the exercise 5 times if you want to pull
your cheeks up try out the third
exercise turn your head to the left and
pull your lower jaw forward straining
your neck muscles you should feel the
muscles on the left side of your neck
stretching and turn your head to the
right and do the same repeat 5 times on
each side
we call the fourth exercise kiss the
giraffe imagine you need to kiss a
giraffe come on
giraffes need some love too ok ok just
imagine you're going to kiss someone
really tall lift your face up and look
at the ceiling slightly bring your lower
jaw forward and pucker your lips as if
you're going to kiss someone if you're
doing it right you will feel a strong
tension in your neck hold this position
for five to eight seconds and release
repeat five times for the fifth exercise
which we call resistance make two fists
and place them directly under your chin
then begin to move your lower jaw
slightly down on your fists and strain
your muscles overcoming the resistance
increase the pressure gradually when you
reach maximum resistance hold it for
three seconds then relax and repeat the
exercise five to seven times the sixth
exercise puffy cheeks is kind of cute
and fun inhale deeply through your mouth
and fill it with air close the mouth and
puff up your cheeks now press your palms
on your cheeks so that you feel the
tension in your muscles hold for three
to five seconds then exhale and relax
repeat the exercise five to six times
here is the last and my favourite smile
clench your teeth with your mouth closed
and stretch the corners of your lips as
wide as possible now push your tongue
against the roof of your mouth gradually
increasing the pressure if you feel a
strong tension in your chin muscles then
well done you're doing great
hold this for five seconds and then
relax for three seconds repeat five to
eight times by the way this exercise
also works perfectly to lift up your
mood when you're feeling down thanks for
watching if you've enjoyed this video
hit that thumbs up button and if you're
visiting our channel for the first time
click subscribe to stay with us on
bright side